Bump version to 1.0.0 and enhance documentation (#21)
GIU-F1Tenth/race_monitor: web_ui/README.md

### Common Issues

**Port already in use:**
```bash
# Use dynamic port allocation
./dev-dynamic.sh

# Or manually kill processes
sudo fuser -k 3001/tcp 8001/tcp
```

**Backend not starting:**
```bash
# Check backend logs
cd backend
source venv/bin/activate
python main.py  # Run directly to see errors
```

**Frontend build errors:**
```bash
cd frontend
rm -rf node_modules package-lock.json
npm install
```

**Configuration not loading:**
- Ensure config files are in `../config/` directory
- Check file permissions
- Verify YAML syntax

**EVO integration issues:**
- Verify EVO library installation: `python -c "import evo"`
- Check trajectory file formats
- Ensure reference trajectory exists

### Performance Optimization
- Use `./start.sh` (Docker) for production deployment
- Configure proper resource limits in `docker/docker-compose.yml`
- Monitor memory usage for large datasets
- Enable caching for static assets

> ### Port Configuration

Reviewer: Are we deciding on leaving the web ui inside the documentation? If I remember correctly, it was not working?

## 📄 License

> This project is part of the F1Tenth Race Monitor system. See the main project license for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is part of the Mechabyte Roboracer Race Monitor system. See the main project license for details.
```
